One buzzword: procedurallygenerated.

Unique seed per session.

How does this world work? You make Adam and Eve. What do you design about them? Here's a tenative list of characteristics you can change:

pigment
fertility
sexuality
gender
tolerance of difference
scientific affinity
gender
world physical position
economic status
social status

Here's what you can't change:
friendships
relationships
- kids under relationship

SECOND PHASE: manipulate distributions of those things

Welcome to flat world where everyone is born on a line. People in flatworld have two parents (you are the parent of adam and eve) and they acrue levels of proficiency in the above characteristics listed above. As you explore the family tree you may edit the characteristics of anybody in the family tree. Be forewarned though, the future will change if you do this, however the past cannot be changed. Have fun exploring your world.

Up down travesal is easy. But side to side relations is hard. How does someone get friends and is cross generational kinkiness going to be allowed? That really pushes the tree's ability.

Simple case: no cross generational kinkiness or friendships.
- In this case its not even that simple. The entire generation seems to be needed to be generated or how can a black dude and a white dude ever meet up? Unless we random walk? Hmm... And the random walk up depends on how tolerant people are. This works for friendships. What about relationships? BOOOM SAME IDEA. Tolerance is the key to connection??? Hmmm. Who woulda thought. :). Also distance should have something to do with. People probably wouldn't be far away in the first place so distance and communication should be correlated anyways. So tolerance is the key. <3. Tolerance should be a ratio up the tree.

Relationships actually require a little bit of sexuality and gender. So perhaps it requires a little trial and error with backtracking to find a good match. (If somthing better doesn't come along then go with the last best.)

However, relationships should be symmetric/consistent. Blood relations are easy to maintain. cache them very trickily? wouldn't really be feasible, it depends on the revelation of the person. Perhaps that's ok. Yeah. It is. All people viewed are cached. It can't be that many people.

Hmm. If everyone is cached, future generations that are related to the character being changed must be updated as well. Hmm. Interesting. This could potentially work.

Simple view seems the most feasible.
